c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\VertoWebforms.dll.config
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\VertoWebforms.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\VertoWebforms.pdb
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\obj\Debug\VertoWebforms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\obj\Debug\VertoWebforms.dll
c:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\obj\Debug\VertoWebforms.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\obj\Debug\VertoWebforms.Migrations.intalise.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Verto\VertoWebforms\obj\Debug\VertoWebforms.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
